>ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS
 
There have been no material changes with respect to the risk factors disclosed in our 2019 Form 10-K except as set forth below. The risk factors set forth below update, and should be read together with, the risk factors in our 2019 Form 10-K.
Our business has been and will continue to be negatively impacted by the recent COVID-19 outbreak
.
We face various risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, including the recent global outbreak of COVID-19. The COVID-19 pandemic and the mitigation efforts by governments to attempt to control its spread have adversely impacted the global economy, leading to reduced consumer spending and lending activities and disruptions and volatility in the global capital markets. Our customers, and therefore our business and revenues, are sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions. As a result, we experienced a significant decline in revenue during the second half of March 2020. We expect that the negative impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operating revenue may continue until economic conditions improve. 
We continue to work with our stakeholders (including customers, employees, consumers, suppliers, business partners and local communities) to responsibly address this global pandemic. We will continue to monitor the situation and assess possible implications to our business and our stakeholders and will take appropriate actions in an effort to mitigate adverse consequences. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in any such mitigation efforts. The extent to which the coronavirus will continue to negatively impact our operations will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the outbreak, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, outbreaks occurring at any of our facilities, the actions taken to control the spread of COVID-19 or treat its impact, and changes in worldwide and U.S. economic conditions. Further deteriorations in economic conditions, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, could lead to a further or prolonged decline in demand for our products and services and negatively impact our business. It may also impact financial markets and corporate credit markets which could adversely impact our access to financing or the terms of any such financing. We cannot at this time predict the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and its resulting economic impact, but it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, such as our need to generate sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness and our ability to protect our information technology 
networks and infrastructure from unauthorized access, misuse, malware, phishing and other events that could have a security impact as a result of our remote working environment or otherwise.
        
