>Item 1A. Risk Factors
Except as stated below, there have been no material changes to our risk factors as previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A. included in our Annual Report on Form 10‑K for the year ended 
December 31, 2019
.
Operational Risks
Public health crises, including the recent novel coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We are subject to risks related to public health crises, such as the recent outbreak of COVID-19. Our business is based on our ability to provide products and services to customers throughout the United States and around the world and the ability of those customers to use and pay for those products and services for their businesses and in their daily lives. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by a crisis, like the COVID-19 outbreak, that significantly impacts the way customers use and are able to pay for our products and services, the way our employees are able to provide services to our customers, and the ways that our partners and suppliers are able to provide products and services to us. For example, public and private sector policies and initiatives to reduce the transmission of COVID-19 and initiatives Verizon has taken in response to the health crisis to promote the health and safety of our employees and provide critical infrastructure and connectivity to our customers, along with the related global slowdown in economic activity, have resulted in decreased revenues, increased costs and lower earnings per share during the first quarter of 2020, and we expect these impacts on our revenues and expenses to continue through the duration of the crisis and for as long as we maintain the applicable policies and initiatives we have put in place in response to the crisis. In addition, such a crisis could significantly increase the probability or consequences of the risks our business faces in ordinary circumstances, such as risks associated with our supplier and vendor relationships, risks of an economic slowdown, regulatory risks, and the costs and availability of financing. Because the severity, magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 outbreak and its economic consequences are uncertain and rapidly changing, the impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations remains uncertain and difficult to predict. In addition, the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on our business, financial condition and results of operations depends on many factors, including those discussed above, that are not within our control.
